Adding cold start info and screenshoot (#4306)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/graphing/infrastructure/cloudfunctions.md

    **Note**: Metrics in the Cloud Function UI are delayed ~10 minutes, as this is the default speed at which Datadog polls AWS APIs. To find out if your delay can be decreased, contact [Datadog support][3].

2. [AWS X-Ray integration][4] (optional)

>     This integration provides traces for Lambda functions in the function detail page and allows to detect Lambda function cold start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This integration provides traces for Lambda functions in the function detail page and allows the detection of Lambda function cold start.
```
